Update array default filling timing (#864)
calliope-project/calliope: docs/user_defined_math/helper_functions.md

Using `sum(..., over=)` in an expression allows you to sum over one or more dimensions of your component array (be it a parameter, decision variable, or global expression).

!!! note

>     Array default values may enter into the summation if there are NaN values in the array that are not masked by the `where` string.
>     For instance, if you sum `flow_cap`, which has `inf` as the default value, you risk having a summation returning `inf`.
>     If this occurs, consider masking these values by applying the [`where`](#where) helper function to first strip out unwanted entries before the `sum` function is applied.

Reviewer: Let's be kind to our future selves and avoid references that may become outdated.
Describing behaviour should be enough.

```suggestion
!!! note
    Invalid variable default values such as `.inf` or `.nan` can enter into the summation if they are not properly masked in the `where` string.
    If this occurs, consider masking these values by applying the [`where`](#where) helper function to first strip out unwanted entries before the `sum` function is applied.
```
